Tokenomics documentation update (#5271)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/about-iota/tokenomics/gas-pricing.mdx

import Quiz from '@site/src/components/Quiz';
import {questions} from '../../../site/static/json/about-iota/tokenomics/gas-pricing.json';

> The IOTA gas-pricing mechanism achieves two outcomes: (i) delivering low, predictable (if the transaction does not operate on a shared state) transaction fees and (ii) preventing denial-of-service attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IOTA gas-pricing mechanism achieves two outcomes:
1. Delivering low, predictable transaction fees (if the transaction does not operate on a [shared object]../../developer/iota-101/objects/shared-owned.mdx#shared-objects).
2. Preventing denial-of-service attacks.
```
